[Outlook] (new Outlook on Windows) Update supported scenario table and sideloading guidance (#4115)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/sideload-outlook-add-ins-for-testing.md

Though we strongly recommend sideloading automatically through the command line as covered in the previous section, you can also manually sideload an Outlook add-in based on the Outlook client. Select the tab for your preferred Outlook client.

# [Web and new Windows UI (preview)](#tab/web)

The process for sideloading an add-in in Outlook on the web depends on whether you're using the modern or classic version.

- If your mailbox toolbar looks like the following image, see [Sideload an add-in in the modern Outlook on the web or new Outlook on Windows (preview)](#modern-outlook-on-the-web-and-new-outlook-on-windows-preview).

>     ![Partial screenshot of the modern Outlook on the web toolbar.](../images/outlook-on-the-web-new-toolbar.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![Part of the modern Outlook on the web toolbar.](../images/outlook-on-the-web-new-toolbar.png)
```
